Shorten README and add "Getting Started" vignette (#102)
epiverse-trace/epichains: README.Rmd

library("epichains")
```

## Quick start

_{{ packagename }}_ provides four main functions:

* `simulate_tree()`: simulates transmission chains using an initial number of
cases and information on the offspring distribution. This function returns
an object with columns that track information on who infected whom, the

> generation of infection, and optionally, the time of infection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generation of infection and, if a serial interval is given, the time of infection.
```

* `simulate_summary()`: simulates a vector of transmission chain sizes or
lengths using an initial number of cases and information on the offspring
distribution. This function only returns a vector of realized chain size or
length.

* `simulate_tree_from_pop()`: simulates transmission chains given an initial
population size and information on the offspring distribution. You can also
specify a given level of pre-existing immunity. This function returns
an object with columns that track information on who infected whom, the

> generation of infection, and the time of infection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generation of infection and, if a serial interval is given, the time of infection.
```
